[Music]
row by row they stand just barely
providing shelter to thousands of newly
displaced
Palestinians looking for safety from
Israel's bombardment of Gaza even if
it's
momentarily the narrow strip known as
elmasi has become the newest Tent City
for displaced
Palestinians a desolate Barren area
where all of its occupants have tragic
story to
tell my family were forcibly displaced
from hammad City this is our destiny but
we are holding our ground we only left
when they started carpet bombing the
city when eight Towers were leveled we
left our homes and all of our
possessions we're living in the open
exposed to the fierce cold and Rain
there is nowhere to go Al masasi is a
town on the southern coast of the Gaza
Strip the area is only 1 kilometer wide
and 14 km
many Palestinians came to this area with
very few personal belongings and the
scars of
War Israeli forces say the area is a
humanitarian safe
Zone but right groups on the ground
reject that claim and say it's a
dangerous false narrative there's no
food no water no sanitation no
hope my husband was killed years ago my
only son who I exhausted my life for
raising was killed by the Israeli
military he was killed in his prime
murdered by the Israelis I lost my
husband my brothers and sisters and
lately my son too I'm left alone in this
world what to do bury myself I'm losing
my
mind there is no expectation their
situation will change for now they have
each other perhaps the only comfort they
can take in these uncertain times Imron
Lan Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer